Oh Lord you are my God I will exalt you
I will praise your name for you have
done wonderful things your counsels of
old are faithfulness and truth for you
have made a city a ruin a fortified city
a ruin a palace of foreigners to be a
city no more it will never be rebuilt
therefore the strong people will glorify
you the city of the terrible nations
will fear you for you have been a
strength to the poor a strength to the
needy in his distress a refuge from the
storm a shade from the heat for the
blast of the terrible ones is as a storm
against the wall you will reduce the
noise of aliens as heat in a dry place
as heat in a shadow of a cloud the song
of the terrible ones will be diminished
and in this mountain the Lord of hosts
will make for all people a feast of
choice pieces a feast of wines on the
Lee's of fat things full of marrow of
well refined wines on the Lee's and he
will destroy on this mountain the
surface of the covering cast over all
people and the veil that has spread over
all nations he will swallow up death
forever and the Lord God will wipe away
tears from all faces the rebuke of his
people he will take away from all the
earth for the Lord has spoken and it
will be said in that day behold this is
our God we have waited for him and he
will save us this is the Lord we have
waited for him we will be glad and
rejoice in his salvation for on this
mountain the hand of the Lord will rest
and Moab shall be trampled down under
him as straw is trampled down for the
refuse heap and he will spread out his
hands in their midst as a swimmer
reaches out to swim and he will bring
down their pride together with the
trickery of their hands the fortress of
the high fort of your walls
he will bring down lay low and bring to
the ground down to the dust
[Music]